I miss you, poor gentleman
Don't care about you
But this ring
It's Jing Shen and Qing Qing's engagement ring
Extremely valuable
How can you put your mind on this?
Maybe some people direct and act themselves. Second
green
Think carefully, did you forget where you put it?
I see this little girl
I don't look like a child who steals.
Aunt did not
I've looked everywhere.
If so
Then call the police.
warmth
You think you can prove your innocence by moving out of the police
Since the item was lost today
That must still be on the thief.
I suggest a body search board
Better search his place too
Gotta find out today
madam
There is no warmth on him. I advised him to look for a place to live.
Find correctly
Miss, the staple ring
Right in the warm bag